Pio library - move minheap from micro-libs (#2)
eagletrt/libmin-heap-sw: README.md

# MIN-HEAP

This library implements all the functions used to create and manage a [minimum heap](https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heap_(struttura_dati))

> data structure. An arena allocator is used to dynamically allocate the array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
data structure. An arena allocator is used to dynamically allocate the memory needed by the heap items, allocation is done only during initialization.
```

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This library does not guarantee that the functions will be executed correctly
> if used with interrupts or multi-threaded architectures

A min heap is a **partially ordered** binary tree-based data structure that guarantees that:
1. The first element is always the minimum of all the elements
2. Each element has a value always lower than the value of the children

> [!TIP]
> A *zero-indexed* array can be represented as a tree by choosing the first element as the root node
> and the element at index $i * 2 + 1$ as the left child and $i * 2 + 2$ as the right child

This library implements:
- Insertion of an item in $O(log N)$ time complexity
- Removal of any item (given the index in the heap) in $O(log N)$ time complexity
- Search of any item in $O(N)$ time complexity

> [!NOTE]
> Removal of an item without the index requires a linear search of the array,
> which implies linear time complexity (i.e. *no bueno*)

## Dependencies

> This library uses [ArenaAllocator](https://github.com/eagletrt/libarena-allocator-sw.git) for memory management. Make sure to initialize ArenaAllocatorHandler_t to use data array, as shown in the following section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library uses [ArenaAllocator](https://github.com/eagletrt/libarena-allocator-sw.git) for memory management. Make sure to initialize the allocator handler before the heap initialization step.
```

# MIN-HEAP

This library implements all the functions used to create and manage a [minimum heap](https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heap_(struttura_dati))

> data structure using a static array without dynamic memory allocation.

Reviewer: This statement is not true anymore since it now uses the ArenaAllocator which does dynamic memory allocation even though the allocation happens only during initialization.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This library does not guarantee that the functions will be executed correctly
> if used with interrupts or multi-threaded architectures

A min heap is a **partially ordered** binary tree-based data structure that guarantees that:
1. The first element is always the minimum of all the elements
2. Each element has a value always lower than the value of the children

> [!TIP]
> A *zero-indexed* array can be represented as a tree by choosing the first element as the root node
> and the element at index $i * 2 + 1$ as the left child and $i * 2 + 2$ as the right child

This library implements:
- Insertion of an item in $O(log N)$ time complexity
- Removal of any item (given the index in the heap) in $O(log N)$ time complexity
- Search of any item in $O(N)$ time complexity

> [!NOTE]
> Removal of an item without the index requires a linear search of the array,
> which implies linear time complexity (i.e. *no bueno*)

## Dependencies

> This library uses [ArenaAllocator](https://github.com/eagletrt/libarena-allocator-sw.git) for memory management. Make sure to initialize ArenaAllocatorHandler_t to use prev_errors array, as shown in the following section.

Reviewer: There is no `prev_errors` array in this library 👀, probably a copy-paste error.

# MIN-HEAP

This library implements all the functions used to create and manage a [minimum heap](https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heap_(struttura_dati))

> data structure using a static array with dynamic memory allocation.

Reviewer: The array is not static but it is dynamically allocated during initialization.
